Adding chart for the maester controller (#31)
ory/k8s: docs/helm/maester.md

# ORY Maester Helm Chart

> The ORY Maester Helm Chart helps you deploy ORY Maester on Kubernetes using Helm.

Reviewer: You don't really need this sentence IMO

Reviewer 2: Done.

> ORY Maester is a Kubernetes controller that watches for instances of Custom Resource `rules.oathkeeper.ory.sh/v1alpha1` and creates/updates a ConfigMap with an array of Rules in the format recognized by the Oathkeeper.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ORY Maester is a Kubernetes controller that watches for instances of `rules.oathkeeper.ory.sh/v1alpha1` custom resource (CR) and creates or updates the Oathkeeper ConfigMap with Access Rules found in the CRs. The controller passes the Access Rules as an array in a format recognized by the Oathkeeper.
```

> By mounting the map to Oathkeeper Pod, you can manage list of Oathkeeper Rules with the custom resource instances.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By mounting the ConfigMap to the Oathkeeper Pod, you can manage the list of Oathkeeper Rules through `rules.oathkeeper.ory.sh/v1alpha1` CR instances. 
```

## Installation

> Install ORY Maester using Helm with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install ORY Maester with Helm, run: 
```

```bash
$ helm install ory/maester
```

## Configuration

> The most important configuration values are used to control ConfigMap creation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These are the most important configuration values used to control ConfigMap creation:
```

> - `configMapName` Name of the ConfigMap used to store Rule list. Defaults to `oathkeeper-rules`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `configMapName` defines the name of the ConfigMap used to store the list of Access Rules. Defaults to `oathkeeper-rules`
```

> - `rulesConfigmapNamespace` Namespace of the ConfigMap used to store Rule list (optional). Defaults to the Helm Release namespaces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `rulesConfigmapNamespace` defines the Namespace in which the ConfigMap is stored. Defaults to the same Namespace as the ORY Maester Helm release.
```

> - `rulesFileName` Name of the single root-level ConfigMap key used to store entire array of Rules. When the ConfigMap is mounted in the Oathkeeper Pod, this becomes also the filename of the "rules file" to the Oathkeeper process. Defaults to `access_rules.json`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `rulesFileName` defines the name of the single root-level ConfigMap key used to store the entire array of Access Rules. When the ConfigMap is mounted in the Oathkeeper Pod, this becomes also the filename of the "rules file" to the Oathkeeper process. Defaults to `access_rules.json`.
```

You can set the values in `values.yaml` file or using `--set` syntax of Helm during chart installation.

## Custom Resource Syntax

> ORY Maester introduces it's own Custom Resource Definition of type `rules.oathkeeper.ory.sh/v1alpha1`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ORY Maester introduces its own Custom Resource Definition (CRD) of type `rules.oathkeeper.ory.sh/v1alpha1`.
```

> Each custom resource instance describes a single Oathkeeper rule.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each CR instance defines the rules for a single service.
```

> The syntax of the Custom Resource `Spec` reflects Oathkeeper [Access Rule syntax](https://www.ory.sh/docs/next/oathkeeper/api-access-rules), with the following differences:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The syntax of the CR **Spec** field reflects the Oathkeeper [Access Rule syntax](https://www.ory.sh/docs/next/oathkeeper/api-access-rules), with the following differences:
```

> - the `id` field is auto-generated

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `id` field is auto-generated.
```

> - the `upstream.preserveHost` property is camelCased.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `upstream.preserveHost` property is camel cased.
```

> - the `upstream.stripPath` property is camelCased.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `upstream.stripPath` property is camel cased.
```

> The JSON Schema specified in the Custom Resource Definition provides definitions for all available attributes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The JSON schema specified in the CRD provides definitions for all available attributes.
```

> Notice that all handlers (authenticators, authorizer, mutator) are passed verbatim without any changes to the Rule list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All handlers such as authenticators, the authorizer, and the mutator are passed verbatim without any changes to the Access Rules list.
```

> The controller provides following defaults for each Rule it creates:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The controller provides the following defaults for each Access Rule it creates:
```

> - If `authenticators` are not defined, it defaults to a single `unauthorized` handler

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If `authenticators` are not defined, it defaults to a single `unauthorized` handler.
```

> - If `authorizer` is not defined, it defaults to a `deny` handler

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If `authorizer` is not defined, it defaults to a `deny` handler.
```

> - If `mutator` is not defined, it defaults to a `noop` handler

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If `mutator` is not defined, it defaults to a `noop` handler.
```

> These defaults implement "disabled by default" policy for increased security.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These defaults implement a "disabled by default" policy for increased security.
```
